Add e2e testing documentation (#293)
WikiTeq/Taqasta: README.md

their templates, then proceed with the normal Docker build process. You can use shortcut `build.sh` to build the image
locally.

**Note**: The build process requires BuildKit to be enabled due to advanced Docker features used in the image:

```bash
export DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1

> ./build.sh

Reviewer: Nope, not really

Author: Addressed: Removed the BuildKit note and its code block from the Build System section.

Author: Actually not sure what to do here. We do need BuildKit so I'm confused.

Reviewer: > We do need BuildKit so I'm confused

except that we don't :)

Reviewer: My bad, I now realize that I had the step cached, and so it worked with buildkit disabled, while it really needs buildkit for the composer step. Good catch, marked as resolved!

See `values.schema.json` for fields definitions.

# Quality Assurance and CI/CD

> Taqasta uses GitHub Actions for automated quality assurance and deployment. The CI/CD pipeline validates code quality, runs comprehensive tests, and delivers production-ready Docker images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taqasta uses GitHub Actions for automated quality assurance. The CI/CD pipeline validates code quality, runs e2e, unit, and integration tests, and delivers production-ready Docker images.
```

Author: Addressed: Replaced with your suggested wording: "Taqasta uses GitHub Actions for automated quality assurance. The CI/CD pipeline validates code quality, runs e2e, unit, and integration tests, and delivers production-ready Docker images."

## Pipeline Jobs

> **Lint & Validate** → **Generate Tags** → **Build & Test** → **Push Images** → **Merge Manifests** → **Notify**

Reviewer: I don't think this section has any real value

Author: Addressed: Removed the Pipeline Jobs section entirely.

## Testing Strategy

Automated e2e tests with Playwright validate:
- MediaWiki installation and setup
- User interface and authentication
- Editor functionality
- API endpoints and file uploads

See [`e2e/README.md`](e2e/README.md) for detailed testing information.

## Validation Gates

- **Syntax Check**: YAML validation and Dockerfile linting
- **Build Success**: Multi-platform Docker compilation
- **Functional Tests**: Full e2e test suite

> - **Deployment**: Images only pushed after all validations pass

Reviewer: We need to add AGENTS.md to the repo get rid of these `- **xxx**: yyy` styled lists

Author: Addressed: Added AGENTS.md with brief project context for agents. Simplified the Benefits and Validation Gates lists to plain bullets (no more **label**: description style).

## Automation

Pipeline runs automatically on:
- Push to master branch
- Pull requests
- Tag creation

## Benefits

- Zero broken deploys

> - Cross-platform validation (AMD64/ARM64)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cross-platform images (AMD64/ARM64)
```

Author: Addressed: Updated to "Cross-platform images (AMD64/ARM64)".
